`azurerm_automation_account`  - support for the `encryption` and `local_authentication_enabled` property (#17454)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/automation_account.html.markdown

* `sku_name` - (Required) The SKU of the account - only `Basic` is supported at this time.

> * `disable_local_auth` - (Optional) Whether requests using non-AAD authentication are blocked.

Reviewer: this hasn't been updated?

-> **Note:** `identity_ids` is required when `type` is set to `UserAssigned` or `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned`.

--

An `encryption` block supports the following:

> * `user_identity_id` - (Optional) The user identity used for CMK. It will be an ARM resource id.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `user_identity_id` - (Optional) The User Assigned Managed Identity ID to be used for accessing the Customer Managed Key for encryption.
```
